Clarify, that only GDScript enums are dictionaries (#11989)
godotengine/godot-docs: tutorials/scripting/gdscript/gdscript_basics.rst

If you pass a name to the enum, it will put all the keys inside a constant
:ref:`Dictionary <class_Dictionary>` of that name. This means all constant methods of

> a dictionary can also be used with a named enum. This does only work for

Reviewer: The extra emphasis ironically makes it slightly more difficult to parse.
```suggestion
a dictionary can also be used with a named enum. This only works for
```

> GDScript enums, not for enums from builtin classes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
GDScript enums, not for enums from built-in classes.
```
Normal form AFAIK
